[Music]
you
hey are you serious look just cuz you
think your boy doesn't mean you are one
go on get out of here
[Music]
try me hug
back into their pathetic world of losers
we go to the same school silly no
worries
some people don't know my name
some people don't notice me because I'm
sure
[Music]
hey my friend don't worry about moving
so
wait didn't I tell just when I texted
what telling about these colors what
color do you have on
but I never got that taxi oh yes I know
your phone it's off your phone is always
off so today you not a part of the group
so just stand there
anyways like I say
[Music]
excuse you like we're going
I
come on seven you say James / she oh
shut up
[Music]
you see that
hello yes thank you it's number Y okay
[Music]
hi Alison Oh Jill I was wondering if he
wanted to come to the park what room
does not change my clothes first while I
like what you have on me
come on
[Music]
I'm happy you didn't decide to change
your vote
[Music]
so where's your mom
I play
she's wearing bowling over here I
thought we were here yesterday this is
our part and you are up in here
just shut up my like a pig boy
[Music]
deep pockets head
DejaVu anyone yes it is I thought we had
this conversation yesterday days your
room in a land of weirder young people
just young enough Spencer come on yeah I
don't really fun it's not good fun Alex
are you having fun
no Kenna are you having fun no of course
she isn't having fun
there's no buffet don't do that everyone
else that doesn't make it right
you know I agree I've had enough of this
if you guys want to follow the crowd for
the rest of your life you can
I happen to like the color red
we just want to have fun Alex likes to
play basketball so stop making fireman
Vincent you have a little secret of Y
you would know I wouldn't you know can I
likes to eat and she's short but she has
a bigger heart than most we're going
over to play basketball deep come on
whoa Wow
it's a best friend right Spencer
I do like Spencer I just don't like his
accent you shouldn't make fun of someone
just because
I'm sorry about yesterday
today was a good day
yes and I invite him to you it was why
because I really liked a change the
material things but just one me and I'm
just gonna be me
true so get rid of the pills
[Music]
you or someone you know is being bullied
well then you at a school or at a park
Toa adult as soon as possible no one is
a mean being bullied but we all let's
take a SAN because we don't stand for
righting the wrong things keep happening
and sometimes innocent people get hurt
or they hurt themselves visit any of the
web sites below stop bullying now
hrsa.gov bullying info org or the trevor
project org or if you just want to talk
to someone call the number below eight
six six four eight eight seven three
eight six
[Music]
[Applause]
you
[Music]